>> Steve Kinney: So,
the actions go to the dispatcher.
Then they've got to go somewhere else,
the dispatcher's job is to
broadcast things, right?
So the next thing we're gonna do
is we're gonna create a store.
The store is theoretically gonna be
the thing that holds the data for
our application, right?
Actions will go to the dispatcher,
dispatcher will tell all
the stores in our application.
And it's easy to think about what
are the nouns in your application?
The pizza calculator's a little weird,
we've got just basically two values.
But if you were building a Yelp clone,
you would have restaurants.
You might have a restaurant store.
Right, we have a current user store
in which is just the current user.
We have the campaign store, we have all
the different nouns in our application.
We likely have a store and
the user can do things, and
like, change those in some way.
We'll create a very simple store here,
where we'll just call it
PizzaCalculatorStore, right.
We're using this app cuz it's simple,
not cuz it necessarily
needs flux in this case.
So we'll call this one
PizzaCalculatorStore.js.
All right, it's PizzaCalculatorStore.
It's gonna be pretty easy.
What it's going to do is,
we need an object that we can create.
So we are gonna make a class.
So what we'll do is,
we will export default to class
PizzaCalculator store.
>> Steve Kinney: And
we're gonna need to do something
with this in a second.
Because again, actions use a dispatcher,
the dispatcher is gonna broadcast into all
the stores, but
we're trying to build a UI,
right, so what's the store
eventually gonna need to do?
Gonna need to tell components that stuff
has changed, it's gonna effectively,
the same thing that, when we change state
in our container components before,
that was passing different props in and
we were able to re-render.
So eventually we're gonna
need to tell somebody and
we'll get to that in a second.
What we're gonna do is,
we need some kind of event library.
Now we're using Webpack which
means we can use all of
the Node Standard Library out of the box.
And so the Node Standard Library
includes something called Event Emitter.
Event Emitter emits events.
So if you've ever done add event
listener or On or whatever,
it basically gives you the ability
to implement that API.
So we'll pull that in.
>> Steve Kinney: Import
event emitter from events.
That's not an NPM install.
You can also install event emitter
if you need a client side and
web pack doesn't do this for you.
If you have a different build tool,
like this is also available on a piano.
But it's in the node standard library.
And so
it will say is that the class Pizza Store
extends extends the EventEmitter class.
And now we have all of
the abilities of event emitter.
Which means we can say on for
a given event.
Off if we wanna stop a listener.
And we can also omit events,
which is why it's called event omitter.
We do need to do one thing which
is implement a constructor.
Because event omitter does some
set up in the very beginning, so
we need to say, super.
So like, go call,
event omitters, constructor.
All right,
>> Steve Kinney: It's not a useless
constructor.
I'm calling super.
>> Steve Kinney: All right, very cool.
Now ideally,
actions are going to happen here.
Actions go to the dispatcher,
the dispatcher says, hey everyone,
this happens, right?
We need to say like different stores
in your application are gonna care
about different things.
Dispatcher is gonna tell everyone.
That doesn't mean your given
store cares about all of them.
My current user store in the application
I work on doesn't necessarily
care about if someone drags in a new
module to the WYSIWYG editor, right?
Other things in the application do but
like the current user stores like,
hey did you log in or log out, right?
Like that's all I really care about and
it ignores all of those.
So what we need to is we need to
listen for different kinds of actions.
So what we do is, we say hey,
and also like this store, like,
the dispatcher is broadcasting stuff but
this,
we haven't turned on a radio yet, right?
[LAUGH] We're not listening for anything.
So we need to register ourselves with
the app dispatcher.
>> Steve Kinney: Now,
what we can do in this constructor,
we can say AppDispatcher.register.
That's gonna take a function where
whenever an action comes through,
we are gonna call this function and
pass the action in, any action.
Right, this is a very simple example so
it is only gonna be actions we care about.
What if we were broadcasting
some other kind of,
if there was also a bologna
sandwich calculator in here,
the pizza calculator does
not care about that, right?
It always wants to order zero
baloney sandwiches no matter what.
But we'll take actions that we care about,
and the easiest way to see if we care
about it is our good friend,
a conditional statement.
So if action.type equals,
I don't know, update the number of
people
>> Steve Kinney: Good
catch.
>> Steve Kinney: Right,
we'll do something with it, right?
Normally what you'll see
happen here is some amount of
state in the flex pattern is usually
kept inside this closure, right?
Inside this file.
So we'll see something like,
>> Steve Kinney: And
what do we care about?
Number of people.
>> Steve Kinney: Ten
slices per person, two single labels.
Right, it will modify this object.
Right, okay, a new update to the number
of people came in, very cool.
The actions for
UPDATE_NUMBER_OF_PEOPLE has a type, and
what was the other property that it had?
>> Speaker 2: Value.
>> Steve Kinney: Value, right.
Okay, so if we wanna update the number
of people, what do we need to do?
We simply say calculator.
The number of people
equals the action value.
There's one more thing that
we need to do which is we're
gonna need to notify all of the views
that are eventually gonna listen.
That like hey, I just changed
this value in case anyone cares.
I changed it, it's different now.
So we'll call this .emit.
We'll just just call this change.
And so that everything that cares can
listen for changes on this store.
It's only gonna emit this stuff when
it's done something it cares about from
the dispatcher.
Actions hit the dispatcher,
dispatcher tells everyone.
Stores decide whether or
not they care, they tell the views
that are listening, right.
We're gonna do a little bit, you ever see
those cooking shows where they're cooking,
they're cooking, they're cooking and,
like it's going to be a pot
roast that takes six hours.
And all of a sudden, boom,
two more conditionals come out?
It's crazy.
I'm gonna store this in a variable so
I can always put it back to where it was.
>> Steve Kinney: Make a copy
of it in the beginning.
And then reset is just gonna always turn
it back into the initial state again.
So, cool, that's great, you didn't have to
watch me type two more conditionals, but
hopefully they make sense.
When update slices per person comes in,
we update the slices per person.
When reset comes in,
we turn it back into what it should be.
Really great and
now we'll just export default.
>> Steve Kinney: Pizza
calculator store.
>> Steve Kinney: I'll
actually import that instance.
So this.emit came from,
anyone wanna take a lucky guess?
>> Speaker 2: Event
emitter.
>> Steve Kinney: Event emitter.
That's what we inherited
from event emitter.
We inherited few methods.
The ones we care about right now are on,
off, and emit.
On adds an event listener,
off takes it off,
emit tells everyone that
added an event listener.